New Challenge - Vault Template Injection (#1189)
OWASP/wrongsecrets: src/main/resources/explanations/challenge46_hint.adoc

This challenge can be solved using the following steps:

> 1. Run 'kubectl get pods -A' and find secret-challenge-xxx pod name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `kubectl get pods -A` and find secret-challenge-xxx pod name
```

> 2. Run 'kubectl exec secret-challenge-xxx -c secret-challenge -n default -- cat vault/secrets/challenge46'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `kubectl exec secret-challenge-xxx -c secret-challenge -n default -- cat vault/secrets/challenge46` where `xxx` is the rest of the randomly generated pod name.
```

> to print injected secrets from vault

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to print injected secrets from vault.

Note: if you are running this on a hosted environment, where you do not have access to the Kubernetes cluster, ask the organizer of the hosted solution to execute the commands for you and return the results.
```
